martha alvarado
the Italian championship up
until the past just past elections
on the part of 72 I wish the cold wax left my team and and that will be the first
to clarify that all conselleries of his mother is a red alert made that
tells us about a mobster while you can
complicates even the process of the tie and if it is neglected
and that's why I'm burned to minimize the benefit of
here in the selection menezes pitifully in sonic spacemen should
buy machinery to be able
jury players and all
but they get the goal is something beautiful
same as the doctor in doctor is doing what can wiggle
pitifully
already in honduras and idomeneo afore prefer to buy other things useless menéndez
to buy machinery pitifully
do not want to update
i was done surely so do not classify and angle assessed how
can recover in a couple of days to join the selection
Of course it was defining the machinery of life care especially
with the arrival of josé martínez referred
Messi who was training to see what pain equipment of general interest of machinery
and everything to win something that the Catalan team the other elections
they acquire less in the headquarters in Honduras with the woman
if they do not know that they are going to have any problem what happens the leak then
of having to follow a therapy and especially be careful in
the posadas ages
it's a difficult thing to be menéndez in an average so the sawmill was
it was a minimal thing to the seat of this
not a little bit me too
saadi in two this what has happened
the treatment that his rival for brazil because he emits will order them menéndez
take care of myself as a team instead of the national team, since the team
worries
for having these things
census of we have a mendelssohn
are things that make me laugh menénez talk about these things to do in
team said this caveman way remotely that comes supporting to see with
the cognac
however, being a team other than a selection of people
are things that make me laugh menénez
talk about these things can galician team this caveman way
remotely there is still a very good relationship with the owners protocol
far behind
buitrago be a team other than a selection
the deputy that can refute that criterion on the avenue madero by the
team up to three days before a match
ximénez the team in January was known that we can for mendez the team that does not
is mocking his bosom to the selection to a kick and spin
in your team capacity
of the week because she
cadel that they fear is that they will save you
at that moment they
laprida menem to the different elections of a patriotic duty I
I denied from the heart that we have each one of us
but the summary in the directive come to the police about sects thing was still
avenge dee kresic to come to tell me baby big cheese that
They were the Central American focus as well as the super monotonous baby monkey
and we have to that the little head menem and be humble dark valley adored him joao
da lagoa huelepega type of situations
not sincerely with dayanara inconvenience was it suffocated to
quietly the quiet exposure mend in egypt percent against as
sama
against that kind of thing at that time I've had up to why why because
pitifully
I always go to say that we are great that this is something that other
kids and
we do not have any song to be able to train me meme in Honduras we will do
less to the attack
chemist that an African team go ahead to the bullfighter of the heron of coss
in the leadership as I tell it
that general
in general really in the armed
moratti get into that green hobby
a benefit is said again
to read what they are exposed
what you put in thinks that it was not wrong either what you
facing I think I speak the decision
says if he was slightly injured and says he does not want to come because of what he's going to lose
from the savanna the difficulty that not in the lower part of the table despite the
argument that you are using this time
what do you have your team needs
for your club
that is why we came to this one we are not learning so much
I'm just saying menniness that I have to do first
the due júrame nene that has to be a good professional and everything and the most
because I took care mencomdez dotcom in the sport to do that again
is one hundred percent that are focused on the game because I feel
very distracted from other aspects that are not of the punctual match against Canada
ad I have the blood it gives me although we lose it is different